DOCS-2313: Improve notification URL for ecommerce integrations page (#1848)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/getting-started/create-your-integration/build-your-own.md

---
title: 'Build your own'
breadcrumb_title: 'Build your own'
weight: 10

> meta_title: "Getting Started - Build your own integration - MultiSafepay Docs"

Author: @FrancescaNCook, "configuring the notification webhook" sounds a bit strange to me. Would "Configuring your webhook endpoint" work as an alternative? I think it is more technically accurate.

To use this webhook you need to set a webhook endpoint. The webhook endpoint must:
- Be an URL that can be accessed [from the public web](/developer/errors-explained/multisafepay-ip-ranges/)
- Be a HTTPS endpoint (HTTP endpoints aren't accepted for security reasons)
- Not include port numbers

### For website

1. Sign in to your [MultiSafepay account](https://merchant.multisafepay.com).
2. Go to **Settings** > **Website settings**.
3. Select the relevant website.
4. In the **Notification URL** field, set your webhook endpoint.

### For order

1. [Create an order](/api/#orders) via our API.
2. In the request body, set:
	- `payment_options.notification_url` to your webhook endpoint
	- `payment_options.notification_method` to `POST`

**Example**:

```
curl -X POST \
"https://api.multisafepay.com/v1/json/orders?api_key={your-api-key}"
-d '{
  "type": "direct",
  "order_id": "my-order-id-1",
  "currency": "EUR",
  "amount": 1000,
  "gateway": "PAYAFTER",
  "description": "product description",
  // This request is truncated
  "payment_options": {
      "notification_url": "https://www.example.com/paymentnotification",
      "notification_method": "POST"
  }
}'
```

**Note:**

> If you leave the `notification_url` parameter empty in the API request then the **Notification URL** set in your [MultiSafepay account](https://merchant.multisafepay.com) is used.

Author: I had to change this sentence as the website settings actually overwrite the API settings.

## Handle notifications

When the status of an order changes, we notify your web server at the following URL through a `POST` request:  

> `{your-webhook-endpoint}&transactionid=12345&timestamp=140292929`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{your-webhook-endpoint}?transactionid=12345&timestamp=140292929`
```

Reviewer: First query parameter is signified with a `?` unless the webhook endpoint already contains a query parameter (like the testtool).

This URL is your webhook endpoint combined with two additional parameters:

- `transactionid`  
  Your unique identifier for the order
- `timestamp`  
  The time the notification was triggered

We add the current order details to the request body. Check the order status in the `status` field and update the status of the order in your backend.

**Note:** You can ignore notifications that:

> - Don't have the `timestamp` parameter in the URL.  

Reviewer: When do notifications not have a timestamp as a query parameter? I believe this is only the case if the notification isn't authentic. If that's the case we can remove this because the timestamp is also mentioned in the next step.

Author: There are other scenarios, as discussed.

> - Have the same [order status](/payments/multisafepay-statuses/). 

Reviewer: Why? There might be only an update in the financial status. I think this content originated duplicate notifications (after not successfully acknowledging the receipt).

Author: We discussed the reasons why these are here.

## Validate notifications

Every `POST` notification request includes a signature that you must use to validate its authenticity.

To validate the notification:

1. Base64 decode the `Auth` header value of the request.
2. Split the decoded `Auth` header value using the colon (`:`) as separator.
    - The first string is the timestamp.
    - The second string is the hash-based signature. 
3. Concatenate the:
    - Timestamp
    - colon (`:`)
    - Payload of the request
4. SHA512 hash the concatenated string that resulted from step 3 using your API key as HMAC key.
5. For valid requests, the hashed value from step 4 matches the hash-based signature from step 2.

> Additionally, check whether the timestamp is recent and the originating IP address is MultiSafepay's.

Reviewer: We don't publicize our IP addresses for security reasons (disputable in my opinion since the IP addresses are exposed to everyone communicating with our services). Basically, any merchant can call/mail and ask for our IP addresses for purposes like these (validating authenticity). Should we just clarify that the merchant/developer has to reach out for our IP addresses?

Author: Good idea. I've added a note for the reader to contact the Integrations team for a list of MultiSafepay IP addresses.

args = parser.parse_args()

# Step 1: Base64 decode the auth header
encoded_auth_bytes = args.authheader.encode("ascii")
decoded_auth_bytes = base64.b64decode(encoded_auth_bytes)
decoded_auth = decoded_auth_bytes.decode("ascii")

# Step 2: Split the decoded auth header
timestamp = decoded_auth.split(':')[0]
signature = decoded_auth.split(':')[1]

# Step 3: Concatenate the timestamp, colon, and payload
concatenated_string = timestamp + ":" + args.payload

# Step 4: SHA512 hash the concatenated string
hashed_value = hmac.new(args.apikey.encode(), concatenated_string.encode(), hashlib.sha512).hexdigest()

# Step 5: Compare the hashed value with the signature
if hashed_value == signature:
	print("The notification is authentic")
	sys.exit(0)
else:
	print("Error: The notification is not authentic")
	sys.exit(1)
```
{{< /details >}}

## Respond to notifications

To acknowledge the successful receipt of a valid notification, return:

- HTTP status code `200` 
- HTTP message body starting with `OK` or
- HTTP message body containing `MULTISAFEPAY_OK`

While we haven't received an acknowledgement, we resend the notification four times at 15 minute intervals, each including a new timestamp.

> ---
> 
> You've successfully configured your webhook endpoint and web server to handle notifications. For next steps, either review our API reference documentation or test your integration.
> 
> {{< two-buttons href-2="/api/" text-2="API reference" description-2="Our comprehensive API reference documentation." img-2="/svgs/API.svg" alt-2="Right arrow" >}}
> 
> ## Next steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Next steps

You've successfully configured your webhook endpoint and web server to handle notifications. For next steps, either view our API reference or test your integration.

{{< two-buttons href-2="/api/" text-2="API reference" description-2="Our comprehensive API reference." img-2="/svgs/API.svg" alt-2="Right arrow" >}}

```
